Docs: Add entry for Tempo query-type template variables (#74392)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/whatsnew/whats-new-next/index.md

# What’s new in Grafana Cloud

Welcome to Grafana Cloud! Read on to learn about the newest changes to Grafana Cloud.

## Support query-type template variables for Tempo data source

<!-- Fabrizio Casati -->
<!-- OSS, Enterprise -->

_Generally available in Grafana Cloud_

The Tempo data source now supports query-type template variables. With this, you can now create variables whose values are a list of attribute names or attribute values seen on spans received by Tempo.

> To learn more, refer to this [short video demo]( add link ) as well as to the [Variables page](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/dashboards/variables/) in the Grafana documentation.

Reviewer: @fabrizio-grafana -- Once you add the link to your video demo, go ahead and merge!

# What’s new in Grafana Cloud

Welcome to Grafana Cloud! Read on to learn about the newest changes to Grafana Cloud.

> ## Support query-type template variables for Tempo data source

Reviewer 2: Suggest shortening this a bit

```suggestion
## Query-type template variables for Tempo data source
```

<!-- Fabrizio Casati -->
<!-- OSS, Enterprise -->

_Generally available in Grafana Cloud_

> The Tempo data source now supports query-type template variables. With this, you can now create variables whose values are a list of attribute names or attribute values seen on spans received by Tempo.

Reviewer 2: We don't want to treat an inanimate thing as a person, so I've replaced "whose"
```suggestion
The Tempo data source now supports query-type template variables. With this update, you can create variables for which the values are a list of attribute names or attribute values seen on spans received by Tempo.
```

> To learn more, refer to the video demo below as well as to the [Variables page](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/dashboards/variables/) in the Grafana documentation.

Reviewer 2: Avoiding above/below for improved accessibility and tweaking the wording for docs link and using a partial URL
```suggestion
To learn more, refer to the following video demo, as well as the [Grafana Variables documentation](/docs/grafana/latest/dashboards/variables/).
```
